>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
before the spread operator,
we had to rely on this arguments
keyword to do stuff like that.
And so here we are referencing
the arguments keyword.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: How many people,
you have used the arguments
keyword in their code, okay.
So arguments keyword references all
the arguments as a pseudo array,
yeah, a pseudo array, which is annoying.
But a pseudo array is an object
that looks like an array, but
it's actually an object.
What does that mean?
That means that we don't have access to
our handy array methods like push, pop,
forEach, splice and stuff like that.
And so that can be,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It's
great that we have it available but
sometimes that can trip us up.
And before when we would have to
do some crazy array dot prototype
to slice that call and you pass
the array to turn it into a real array.
Can you see how that's kind of annoying,
and a lot of extra typing?
We'll see the new ESX feature that
will save us all of that time.
So with all of that said,
what is this console.log gonna say?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What
is it gonna print out?
So it looks like an array,
but it's not really an array.
We know that.
But what's gonna be in here?
>> Speaker 2: So,
>> Speaker 2: At those five terms.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm
>> Speaker 2: It could be anyone but
I'm wondering if no one
is somehow set aside.
Somehow because it wasn't,
because it was passed in but
it wasn't specified as a parameter.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Well, actually you
bring up a good point is that the reason
that we use the arguments keyword is when
we don't know how many arguments we're
gonna get.
That's when it's most useful because even
if you pass in an extra argument and
you don't reference it or
give it a parameter name,
you can use the arguments keyword
to figure out how many extra
arguments were passed,
what they were, things like that.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
what is this going to print out?
>> Speaker 3: It, be,
could, anyone, no one?
All of those arguments?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: That's a good guess.
But remember we said that these
error functions are kind of weird?
>> Speaker 3: Because they
have no arguments, so
would it return null or something?
Or just print out nothing?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
or it might throw an error,
I don't know exactly what happens,
but it's not gonna work as intended.
So let's take a step back to
our good old function keyword.
And then we get what you thought was,
it, be,
could, anyone, no one,
is what it would log.
Cool, any questions about that?
I see a couple faces that look confused.
>> Speaker 3: Maybe cuz
the font [INAUDIBLE]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Can you not read it,
can you read it better in there?
>> Speaker 2: Not really.
[INAUDIBLE]
>> Speaker 3: All right it's not default.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Is that
the error it gives you?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
okay, are we good?
I saw some confused faces.
I'm trusting you that you're gonna be
honest and you're not gonna lie to me and
that you understand.
Unless you have a question,
that's why I'm stalling, no?
Okay.
>> Speaker 4: So hold on,
what does spread operator, it now logs it?
The arguments gets logged, or?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: The spread
operator has nothing to do with
what arguments prints out.
Yeah.
So the arguments keyword has everything
to do with what is passed only.
It only picks up what
is being passed here.
And the spread is doing something
after the fact, if that makes sense.
It's just taking it and
putting it into a array.
But the arguments keyword is only paying
attention to what are the values that
are being passed into this array.
I'm sorry, into this function.